The future is bright at Monsters Incorporated
We power your car.
We warm your home.
We light your city.
I'm Monsters, Incorporated.
Carefully matching every child
to their ideal monster...
to produce superior scream
refined into clean,
dependable energy.
Every time you turn something on
Monsters, Incorporated,
is there.
I'm Monsters, Incorporated!
We know the challenge...
the window of innocence
is shrinking.
Human kids are harder to scare.
Of course, M.I. Is prepared
for the future
with the top scarers...
the best refineries
and research
into new energy techniques.
We're working for
a better tomorrow... today!
We're Monsters, Incorporated!
Monsters, Incorporated. We scare because we care
[END OF CAPTIONS]